With the rapid development of information technology, cryptographic technology has become an essential means to ensure information security and has gradually permeated various aspects of our digital life. Whether it's browsing web pages, instant messaging, or conducting bank transfers and managing smart homes, all these activities involve the use of cryptographic technology. In November 2021, the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) was officially implemented in China. Article 51 of the PIPL explicitly requires personal information processors to adopt encryption and other security measures to ensure that personal information processing activities comply with laws and regulations, and to prevent unauthorized access, as well as the leakage, tampering, and loss of personal information. In fact, cryptographic technology not only serves as a security measure for the transmission and storage of personal information but is also an effective method for de-identifying and anonymizing personal data.
Update and upgrade software immediately
Keywords: Identify, Protect
Apply all available software updates, automate the process as much as possible, and use update services provided directly by vendors. Automation is crucial because attackers often study patches and exploit methods shortly after a patch is released. These "N-day" exploits can be as destructive as zero-day vulnerabilities. Vendor updates must also be genuine to ensure the integrity of the content. If applications are not patched quickly and thoroughly, attackers can carry out intrusions within the defender's patch cycle.
Secure privileges and accounts
Keywords: Identify, Protect
Assign privileges based on risk exposure and maintain them as required for operational purposes. Use Privileged Access Management (PAM) solutions to automate credential management and fine-grained access control. Another method of managing privileges is through tiered administrative access, where each higher tier provides additional access but to fewer individuals. Create procedures to securely reset credentials such as passwords, tokens, and badges. Controlling privileged accounts and services is essential to prevent attackers from gaining administrative access to high-value assets and moving laterally across the network.