Currently, many online analysis articles focus on maintaining processor speed, which has become a higher priority than security considerations. Even the repair solutions from manufacturers are designed to avoid affecting device performance. Whenever a vulnerability is exposed, the speed at which vendors release patches is often criticized, and this situation is no different. For these two vulnerabilities, cloud users and IT administrators, in particular, need to pay attention and promptly apply the fixes.

In theory, after applying the patches and updates, everything should be fine. However, it's not that simple, as some unfortunate users have encountered additional problems. After the vulnerabilities were disclosed, Google stated that the currently released software repairs "have minimal impact on performance" and insisted that over time, the impact of the patches on performance would decrease. Intel also mentioned in its announcement: "Any performance impact depends on the workload. For general computer users, the impact of the patch on performance is not significant and will lessen over time." Due to the so-called Processor-Context ID (PCID) feature of the chips, these statements may hold true and ultimately be correct. However, more issues are still to follow.

The impact of the patches on device performance has already been evident. Although most ordinary desktop users and gamers have not noticed any delay, slowdown, or performance degradation, users running IO or system call-intensive software, such as databases on backend servers, might notice the effect of the patched CPU. Red Hat in the U.S. has set the range of the performance impact of the patches between 1% and 20%. Epic Games also explained last Friday regarding the recent login and server stability issues faced by players: "All our cloud services have been affected due to patching and fixing Meltdown and Spectre."

裸金属服务器、数据保护与隐私:来自Intel的Mike Ferron-Jones合作撰写。面对严峻的网络威胁环境,企业正在寻找新的数据保护和隐私解决方案及最佳实践。OVHcloud的新款Advance-6裸金属服务器配备了第三代Intel® Xeon®可扩展处理器(以前代号为“Ice Lake”)和Intel®软件保护扩展(Intel SGX)。这些技术提供了更高的性能,并利用机密计算来实现数据隐私、法规遵从性和更强的数据保护。阅读本文以了解更多关于机密计算的信息以及如何从中受益。

通过机密计算应对安全挑战变得尤为重要。企业数据正面临黑客、未经授权的第三方和恶意内部人员的更大威胁,他们经常利用应用程序中的漏洞,或操作系统和虚拟机监控程序层中的特权提升。随着软件安全性的提高,攻击者开始向下移动到堆栈中寻找新的漏洞,这使得商业机密或受监管的数据面临风险。数据泄露可能导致严重的经济损失和声誉损害。这意味着外围防御已不再足够。需要的是多层次的防御策略,使成功执行攻击变得不可行。机密计算技术对于此类策略至关重要,因为它使用基于硬件的方法将数据隔离在可信飞地中并在内存中对其进行加密。这可以保护数据免受操作系统和虚拟机监控程序层中的漏洞的影响,并确保即使具有完全访问权限的用户也无法在没有密钥的情况下解密数据。