Big data enthusiasts might be surprised to hear that one of the remedies is to address the imbalance between detection and prevention. One can never replace the other. And if one side is too small, it brings too much risk and too much SOC workload. If a significant reduction in the number of alerts and data volume can be achieved through more efficient efforts, improving SOC operations would be much simpler. Just like many other IT/safety operation tools, SOC tools are created by developers but used by different operators. In feasible cases, rotating developers into operational roles can help better automate small components or widgets. Similarly, consider rotating policy/ rule creators and analysts. In the end, SOC can gain significant benefits from rotations across team boundaries and continuous learning, making the SOC more adaptable, agile, and more efficiently automated to amplify personnel power. SOC can also benefit from redefining roles, reducing the artificial rigidity caused by the definition of "first-level" and "third-level" analysts. Instead, "roles should be more based on the skills of individuals and the use cases they are responsible for. " For example, some people are better at handling suspicious application activities than lateral movement indicators. Read this short article or the detailed white paper titled "Autonomous Security Operations, SOC's 10x Transformation" for more information on Anton Chuvakin's suggestions for improving SOC. How can AppGuard help your organization defend against ransomware. Ransomware, like other malicious software, often evades detection technologies. It is no surprise. Malware can have almost infinite shapes and disguises. AppGuard is an endpoint protection software for Windows and Linux endpoints that complements existing detection-based protection. AppGuard is not a detection tool; it takes a completely different approach. This is why you should consider adding this lightweight tool. Read this blog post "Enterprise Cybersecurity Vulnerabilities: Detection-Based Protection Is Not Enough" to better understand this issue. No single detection technology is sufficient. To detect anomalies, endpoint internal (EDR), between networks (IDS, intrusion detection systems), and integrated with directories and cloud applications (UEBA, user entity behavior analysis) are equipped with sensors.