On April 16, ten cybersecurity vendors set up booths at the RSA Conference 2018 Innovation Sandbox to showcase their cutting-edge technologies. These ten finalists, selected by the RSA Conference judges, covered a range of areas including deception, threat detection, network security, encryption, cloud security, and container security. A panel of judges, consisting of venture capitalists, entrepreneurs, and industry veterans, chose BigID as the "Most Innovative Startup" in the 2018 RSA Conference Innovation Sandbox competition. BigID CEO Dimitri Sirota expressed, "We are honored to have competed with such an outstanding group of companies and are thrilled to be awarded this prize. We believe that privacy is a 21st-century issue that all companies must take seriously, and we hope that we can help businesses alleviate the challenges of handling privacy. "
Linda Gray Martin, Director and General Manager of the RSA Conference, highlighted, "The long-standing tradition of the RSAC Innovation Sandbox inspires innovation in the security industry. It's crucial for our industry to stay innovative, and it's noteworthy that these innovations no longer necessarily come from Silicon Valley. This year, we saw a record number of applications from outside California. Emerging tech hubs with growing influence in cybersecurity include Tel Aviv, Denver, and the D. C. area, and it's great to see these startups taking the stage. "
"In a fiercely competitive field, BigID stood out for its unique ability to help enterprises better protect customer and employee data. We are confident that BigID will make a significant impact in the cybersecurity industry over the next few years. "
Founded in 2016 and headquartered in Washington, WireWheel is dedicated to simplifying the construction of data privacy protection compliance capabilities, helping companies deal with complex and stringent laws and regulations. In October 2018, the company received a $10 million Series A financing round led by PSP Growth. According to the Breach Level Index report published by digital security company Gemalto in October 2018, there were 945 data breaches in the first half of 2018, resulting in the exposure of 4. 5 billion records.