Experienced practitioners know, "more data" often increases labor costs, and may even weaken detection effectiveness. These data flow into SIEM and/or XDR systems, where information from different sources is fused. Without the right talent, SIEM and XDR will not fulfill their intended purpose. Reducing the number of triage dashboards does not significantly reduce the number of alerts. False positives and alert fatigue are still widespread problems. The skill gap in investigating alerts still exists. Experienced SOC analysts refer to it as "time black holes," because they must "track many dead ends. " Worse still, they tell you that machine learning's performance in reducing data is not as good as people hope. "It's overwhelming! "
Event responders must determine the scope of each intrusion, contain it, and ultimately restore to the state before the attack. In any incident, many different teams may be involved. Coordination and post-event efforts may be quite significant and expensive. Response is not limited to detection. The complex ecosystem increases the need for more comprehensive orchestration of alert responses to significantly reduce labor. Security orchestration automation and response (SOAR) and extended detection and response (XDR) are promising helps. Ideally, they would automate many of the functions of different tools. Skeptics worry about the ecosystem being too heterogeneous. Wise funding is waiting to see if these can deliver without leaving one behind the ransomware to cripple the business. These costs are expected to continue growing and persist indefinitely. Quantifying them and relating the causal relationship between them is very challenging. Whatever it is, they depend on the number of attacks missed by detection tools before the endpoint is breached. Maximizing personnel configuration: scripts, training exercises, incident reviews, process improvements, and threat hunting
Most of the cybersecurity resources are used for relatively familiar attack techniques. If your personnel are not well trained and experienced, you will need more people. However, the more people you have, the more efficient and easy-to-understand the work processes need to be. A mature cybersecurity plan continuously prepares and improves its personnel and processes through scripts, training exercises, incident reviews, and threat hunting.