Your organization uses artificial intelligence models extracted from public repositories? Are you sure it is safe? If you are unsure, you may need to check a new free open-source tool that aims to mark supply chain vulnerabilities and risks in publicly available AI models. This tool, named AI Risk Database, was created by AI vendor Robust Intelligence in March of this year and further refined with MITRE. The latest version was released this week on GitHub. Indiana University also participated in this collaboration. "This collaboration and the release of the AI Risk Database can directly allow more organizations to see the risks and vulnerabilities they face when deploying specific types of AI systems," said Douglas Robbins, vice president of Engineering and Prototyping at MITRE. Representatives from the three organizations gave two presentations at Black Hat USA 2023 in Las Vegas. For more details, please check the announcements from MITRE and Robust Intelligence. Weak passwords or no passwords, as well as leaked credentials, account for about 62% of the cloud security vulnerabilities observed by Google Cloud event response team in the first quarter of 2023. Enterprises affected by this "ongoing challenge" can address this issue by strengthening their identity management tools and processes. Google stated this in its "2023 August Threat Horizon Report," a 31-page report. Other findings include: cybercriminals are allowing seemingly legitimate Android applications to pass Google Play Store reviews, then distributing unauthorized updates through hidden channels to add malicious features. Enterprises can mitigate such threats by adopting enterprise mobile management systems to create pre-approved application lists for users. According to an analysis of anonymous alert statistics from Google Chronicle Security Operations, the largest risk behavior leading to compromise is the cross-project abuse of Google Cloud Platform's access token generation permissions. For all details, read the complete report. The U. S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) hopes its newly released Cybersecurity Strategic Plan will make cybersecurity vulnerabilities rare, organizations able to defend against cyber attacks, and technology products inherently secure. These goals have not yet been achieved, but CISA hopes to reach them within the next three years.