Your organization whether it uses AI models extracted from public repositories? You are sure it is safe? If uncertain, you may need to check a new free open-source tool, which is designed to mark supply chain vulnerabilities and risks in publicly available AI models. This tool named AI Risk Database was created by AI vendor Robust Intelligence in March of this year and further refined with MITRE. It was released on GitHub this week. Indiana University also participated in this collaboration. "This collaboration and the release of the AI Risk Database can directly allow more organizations to see the risks and vulnerabilities they face when deploying specific types of AI systems," said Douglas Robbins, vice president of engineering and prototyping at MITRE. Representatives from the three organizations gave two presentations at Black Hat USA 2023 in Las Vegas. For more details, please check the MITRE and Robust Intelligence announcements. Weak passwords or no passwords, and leaked credentials account for about 62% of cloud security vulnerabilities observed by Google Cloud event response team in the first quarter of 2023. Enterprises affected by this "ongoing challenge" can address this by strengthening their identity management tools and processes. Google stated in its cybersecurity action team's "August 2023 Threat Horizon Report" that this 31-page report also includes findings such as: cybercriminals are letting seemingly legitimate Android applications pass through Google Play Store reviews, then performing unauthorized channel updates to add malicious functions. Mitigation measures for such threats include adopting enterprise mobile management systems to create pre-approved application lists for users. According to an analysis of anonymous alert statistics from Google Chronicle Security Operations, the biggest risk behavior leading to compromise is the abuse of access token generation permissions on Google Cloud Platform. For all detailed information, please read the complete report. The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) hopes its newly released cybersecurity strategic plan will make cybersecurity vulnerabilities rare, organizations able to defend against cyber attacks, and technology products inherently safe. These goals have not yet been achieved, but CISA hopes to achieve them within the next three years.