Founded in 2016 and headquartered in Washington, WireWheel is dedicated to simplifying the construction of data privacy protection compliance capabilities, helping companies deal with complex and stringent laws and regulations. In October 2018, the company received a $10 million Series A financing round led by PSP Growth. According to the Breach Level Index report published by digital security company Gemalto in October 2018, there were 945 data breaches in the first half of 2018, resulting in the exposure of 4. 5 billion records. To strengthen consumer privacy rights and data security, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) have been enacted and passed. Many companies, lacking awareness and capability for user privacy and data protection, urgently need to respond to various compliance requirements or face severe penalties. The data privacy security company BigID won the RSAC 2018 Innovation Sandbox, and this year’s Innovation Sandbox also focuses on innovation in the field of data privacy, indicating a strong demand for innovation in data privacy protection in the security sector. Privacy protection and data security have become important components of corporate security capability building. However, enhancing data privacy protection in a complex IT system environment poses a significant challenge to traditional data loss prevention technologies and products, adding a heavy burden to corporate data management. Large enterprises, with their complex internal network environments and data storage architectures, require technical support across multiple stages such as data discovery, management, and classification for effective data privacy protection. Data collaboration and sharing among multiple departments necessitate the correlation and aggregation analysis of data to more reasonably identify potential privacy leak risks. 云安全不仅是公司和公共部门客户的重要话题,也是政治家们关注的重点。 由于目前还没有欧盟范围内的统一安全标准规定,各成员国依赖于自己的法律和法规。 这意味着公司的合规性也必须适应现有的差异。 在德国,联邦信息安全办公室(BSI)的标准目录C5(云计算合规标准目录)规定了安全云计算的最低要求,并同时针对云提供商及其客户。 少数几家公司已经获得了C5认证——其中就包括这一领域的领先提供商OVHcloud。 该认证不仅证明了相应的提供商处于良好的状态,还是一份指南,为企业和组织在选择合适的云提供商时提供参考——这一点尤其重要,尤其是在公共招标中。 BSI的C5规则集主要由联邦机构开发的一系列安全控制机制组成。 该要求目录首次发布于2016年,并于2019年进行了修订,现已获得高度认可——迄今为止已颁发了十多个证明,从而确保可靠地符合安全相关的标准。 C5是作为许多旨在确保云安全的不同规则集的替代或继任者而开发和实施的。 这些规则集包括ISO 27001、27002和27017标准以及云安全联盟(CSA)的云控制矩阵(CCM)。