Your organization whether it uses AI models extracted from public repositories, you determine whether it is safe. If you are uncertain, you may need to look at a new free open-source tool, which is designed to mark vulnerabilities and risks in publicly available AI models. This tool, called the AI Risk Database, was created by AI vendor Robust Intelligence in March of this year and further refined with MITRE. It was released on GitHub this week. Indiana University also participated in this collaboration. "This collaboration and the release of the AI Risk Database directly allows more organizations to see the risks and vulnerabilities they face when deploying specific types of AI systems," said Douglas Robbins, vice president of engineering and prototyping at MITRE. Representatives from the three organizations gave two speeches at Black Hat USA 2023 in Las Vegas. For more details, please check the MITRE and Robust Intelligence announcements. Weak passwords or no passwords, as well as leaked credentials, account for about 62% of the cloud security vulnerabilities observed by the Google Cloud Event Response team in the first quarter of 2023. Enterprises affected by this "persistent challenge" can address this by strengthening their identity management tools and processes. Google stated this in its "2023 August Threat Horizon Report," which is 31 pages long. Other findings include: cybercriminals are letting seemingly legitimate Android applications pass through Google Play Store reviews, then performing unauthorized updates through unauthorized channels to add malicious features. Enterprise mitigation measures include adopting enterprise mobile management systems to create pre-approved application lists for users. According to an analysis of anonymous alert statistics from Google Chronicle Security Operations, the largest risk behavior leading to compromise is cross-project abuse of Google Cloud Platform access token generation permissions. For all details, read the complete report. The U. S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) hopes its newly released Cybersecurity Strategic Plan will make cybersecurity vulnerabilities rare, organizations able to withstand cyberattacks, and technology products inherently secure. These goals have not yet been achieved, but CISA hopes to reach them within the next three years.