"We must clearly recognize the future we are pursuing, in which destructive cyber intrusions are a shocking anomaly, organizations are safe and resilient, and technology products are inherently safe," the document states. The plan establishes three main goals: addressing direct threats, strengthening defenses, and large-scale promoting security. For all detailed information, please check the CISA announcement and complete plan document. AppGuard and its partner Cipher participated in the FinCyber Today event on November 3, 2021. Cipher introduced cybersecurity threats lifecycle during the sponsorship presentation and demonstrated how to detect, block, and respond to cyber attacks. Overall, the conference invited renowned cybersecurity experts to share insights and recommendations with attendees. Lessons learned from defending against ransomware attacks highlight that ransomware (perhaps more accurately called extortion attacks) challenge the resilience of enterprise IT/safety operations. Prevention and detection are just the beginning, and restoring damaged systems is a serious issue. Enterprises must examine their backup capabilities, with some enterprises needing more proactive backup strategies: continuous backup, hourly backup, or daily backup, etc. For example, the risk of critical task servers is much greater than that of ordinary employees' laptops. It is also important to note that cybercriminals also target backups, so enterprises should seek immutable backups. Collecting forensic data from affected endpoints can delay recovery operations, although they do not always identify the threat actor. If the response plan does not consider the investigation time, it should be revised. The response plan should also be rehearsed to enable faster execution and reduce irreversible errors. Insights into the ransomware industry show that extortion attacks are increasingly carried out by increasingly complex criminal ecosystems, which include diverse supply chains and an increasing number of specialized roles and responsibilities. They are applying the lessons of the industrial revolution to become more profitable and resilient. Different experts handle different parts of the business, even with可雇佣的 subject matter experts who identify valuable information in the vast amount of stolen data, as well as those who sell these valuable pieces of information to buyers.