Unfortunately, for most people, these efforts happen when they are busy with other tasks. Threat hunting seeks undetected intrusions; currently, there is no pattern-matching data. A mature cybersecurity plan invests in threat hunting after optimizing large-scale, repeatable detection Sec-Ops. These continuously search for detection pattern-matching across the entire enterprise. Truly novel and complex threats require threat hunting, where either the detection pattern does not exist yet or it cannot be scaled. However, few threat hunting plans exist, and many never have them because of limited skills and resources. Prevention is a more practical investment. Quantifying and optimizing all of the above is very difficult. Most organizations need to reduce the number of incidents first to free up resources and personnel before pursuing any of the above. Nothing is more effective at this than neutralizing malicious code in real-time at the endpoint, because events start at the endpoint. Endpoints are the root of most cybersecurity costs
We all know that most events start at the endpoint. There are few or no reliable statistics to quantify this, which shows the complexity of cybersecurity plans. Intuitively, if fewer endpoints are breached, IDS will generate fewer alerts, and UEBA will detect fewer compromised credentials. Adding non-detection endpoint protection to reduce your cybersecurity costs
Choose your headline news or statistics, the result is the same. Enterprise cybersecurity vulnerabilities are increasing. Verizon DBIR statistics show that the annual growth rate of enterprise cybersecurity vulnerabilities over the past four years has been about a third. Most active enterprise endpoint protection is based on detection; this is not enough. Non-detection methods are mostly not used. Forget the choice of replacing all or nothing in endpoint protection software. Choose or continue using a sufficiently good detection-based endpoint protection and add a lightweight endpoint protection tool that does not need to identify malware or its impact. It does not need to be perfect. It must be lightweight in terms of host performance and IT/Sec-Ops efforts. If it can only reduce the part missed at the endpoint, it can alleviate the above cybersecurity defense costs, even more.