When conducting lateral movement within an internal network, attackers often try to capture login hashes and passwords from the target machine. However, this method is not always feasible because some machines may lack this information or it may be cleared or encrypted. As a result, hackers have turned to simulating identity authentication scenarios in the Windows system environment, such as Outlook login, elevation of authorization (User Account Control), or lock screen unlocking. By forging these scenarios, they can deceive users into providing their credentials.
This article introduces several methods of system credential phishing attacks, aiming to help readers better protect their systems and network security by understanding these techniques. One such tool is FakeLogonScreen, an internal network credential phishing tool written in C#. To use it, simply run it on the target machine, and it will automatically display a forged Windows login screen, minimize other application windows, block most shortcut keys, and support automatic password verification. Another similar tool is SharpLocker.
"Major risks" due to credential leaks have increased. Digital risks caused by exposed credentials in cybersecurity continue to plague businesses, including account takeovers, credential stuffing, network intrusions, and ransomware attacks. In the sample company group, exposed credentials accounted for 25% of all incident reports sent. One of the most important findings is that there was a significant change in the severity of exposed credential incidents, with the number of "major" incidents, defined as those that could potentially lead to business operation disruptions due to account takeovers, increasing by 50%.
过度依赖检测技术来缓解恶意软件风险会以两种方式对企业造成负面影响:成功的恶意软件攻击和更高的网络安全运营成本。之前,我们探讨了为什么仅靠检测是不够的。现在,我们将从定性的角度审视网络安全运营成本,以帮助回答以下问题:如果通过添加非检测保护功能在端点实时中和更多的恶意软件攻击,哪些方面可以得到缓解?下面的每一部分都代表了一个重要的节省领域。在阅读这些内容时,请知道各种形式的攻击面减少技术可以降低这些成本。
企业的网络安全成本受到所使用防御措施的复杂性以及攻击数量的影响。Ponemon 2020年的研究发现,68%的企业在过去两年中经历过“一次或多次成功破坏数据资产和/或IT基础设施的端点攻击”(连续第三年增加),并且68%的企业表示“过去12个月的攻击频率有所增加”。上述统计数据基于几乎完全依赖基于检测工具的网络安全防御。它们也反映了老练的对手在对目标发动攻击前,经常对其恶意软件进行一系列检测工具的测试。