Founded in 2016 and headquartered in Washington, WireWheel is dedicated to simplifying the construction of data privacy protection compliance capabilities, helping companies deal with complex and stringent laws and regulations. In October 2018, the company received a $10 million Series A financing round led by PSP Growth. According to the Breach Level Index report published by digital security company Gemalto in October 2018, there were 945 data breaches in the first half of 2018, resulting in the exposure of 4. 5 billion records. To strengthen consumer privacy rights and data security, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) have been enacted and passed. Many companies, lacking awareness and capability for user privacy and data protection, urgently need to respond to various compliance requirements or face severe penalties. The data privacy security company BigID won the RSAC 2018 Innovation Sandbox, and this year’s Innovation Sandbox also focuses on innovation in the field of data privacy, indicating a strong demand for innovation in data privacy protection in the security sector. Privacy protection and data security have become important components of corporate security capability building. However, enhancing data privacy protection in a complex IT system environment poses a significant challenge to traditional data loss prevention technologies and products, adding a heavy burden to corporate data management. Large enterprises, with their complex internal network environments and data storage architectures, require technical support across multiple stages such as data discovery, management, and classification for effective data privacy protection. Data collaboration and sharing among multiple departments necessitate the correlation and aggregation analysis of data to more reasonably identify potential privacy leak risks. 只能应用一些零信任原则来限制被隔离应用程序在多个维度(如文件、注册表、内存、子进程、权限和网络)上的读写操作。 微软的应用程序防护是唯一具备此功能的端点保护平台(EPP)产品,并免费提供给所有Windows企业许可证持有者,但使用率不到1%。 企业也可以从其他供应商处购买各种实现。 将零信任原则应用于高风险应用程序意味着不允许它们执行潜在恶意操作。 这些操作与企业网络安全堆栈中可能拥有的四种类型工具的关系如下所示。 应用程序控制分为预执行和后执行(也称作peri执行),因为很少有应用程序控制工具支持后执行,那些支持后执行的工具被认为太难使用。 尽管如此,我们可以看到每种工具对高风险应用程序可能应用的零信任缓解措施。