The average cost of a breach in 2021 reached a 17-year high, with 10% of breaches caused by ransomware—a figure that is double that of 2020, according to the *IBM Cost of a Data Breach Report 2021*. Recently, Gartner released a toolkit for responding to cybersecurity incidents, reminding security and risk managers to be prepared and plan ahead for such events. Below are the three essential tools emphasized by Gartner this time. Develop an Incident Response Plan
A general plan for responding to cyber incidents should include the following:
- Map out the response process. The incident response plan should specify detailed steps to follow in an orderly manner when an incident occurs. The incident owner (or a similar role) should ensure that all steps are fully implemented and track progress and communication on a rolling basis. - Define incident severity levels. All security incidents must be classified and assigned a severity level. This helps guide incident escalation, clarify service level agreements, and inform stakeholders of the potential or actual impact on the organization in other ways. Severity levels also determine who should be notified, the escalation path, and which playbooks to use. - Clarify responsibilities. Effective incident response requires teamwork. The RACI model can clearly define all roles and corresponding responsibilities related to incident response across the entire organization. Common stakeholders include C-suite, legal, privacy, and HR teams. The top ten mitigation strategies from the U. S. National Security Agency counter various techniques that APT attackers might use. These measures set priorities for organizations to minimize business impact and are built on the NIST Cybersecurity Framework functions, which aim to manage cybersecurity risks and promote a defense-in-depth approach. The strategies are ranked based on the effectiveness of known APT tactics, and additional strategies and best practices are needed to address new tactics as they emerge. Cybersecurity protection keywords: Identify, Protect, Detect, Respond, Recover
Update and upgrade software immediately
Keywords: Identify, Protect
Apply all available software updates, automate the process as much as possible, and use update services provided directly by vendors.