This article represents the views of CSO, a news media platform under IDG Consulting. Security threats are constantly evolving and tend to follow trends. As long as a certain type of threat is highly successful and profitable, cybercriminals will imitate it. Therefore, the best defense is to identify these threat trends and take the initiative in threat detection. In line with this perspective, Gartner rated the "Top 11 Information Security Technologies for 2017" in June. We focused on the hottest technology categories mentioned by Gartner for 2017, delved into the latest cybersecurity products and services, and selected 22 of the most innovative and practical products for 2017. These products have all been tested in local test platforms or production environments provided by the vendors. They address some of the most destructive security threats currently. The following products are listed in alphabetical order. Acalvio ShadowPlex
Category: Deception Technology
Deception technology is an emerging field, and simple and effective deployment technologies have often been at a bottleneck. Acalvio ShadowPlex sets an example in overcoming these technical difficulties. It provides customers with an unlimited number of deception assets, avoiding frequent maintenance and cost inputs. These deception points can be activated immediately when needed, locking onto attackers and continuously tracking them to obtain valuable threat intelligence. The tool then either conducts its own tracking or integrates with SIEMs like Splunk to remove the threats from the protected network. IT/安全运营通常在维护窗口期间对端点进行重大更改,此时可能会禁用保护以避免干扰。 这允许使用任何操作系统实用工具来执行任务。 大型组织由于有足够的冗余可以容纳服务器暂时下线,而较小的组织则可能无法承受这种停机时间。 对于笔记本电脑和台式机而言,这一过程带来了额外的挑战。 一些减少攻击面的工具可以在不完全禁用所有控制的情况下使用操作系统实用工具。 有些工具甚至可以在需要时临时禁用所有保护控制(例如通过离散触发器)。 因此,在选择此类工具时,确保您的IT/安全运营人员考虑其具体用例是非常重要的。 LOLbin攻击面减少选项有各自的优缺点。 使用操作系统设置提供了许多有价值的可能,并且比其他选项提供更细粒度的控制,但对手也可能更改或删除这些设置。 应用程序控制工具可以开/关禁止,但一旦LOLbins运行后就很难再对其进行控制。 此外,这类工具的部署和维护相对繁琐,导致企业采用率较低。 隔离/遏制工具很少能够限制LOLbin的操作,而且并非所有的工具都能在没有维护窗口的情况下适应合法操作(如应用程序更新、补丁等)。 EDR/EPP工具可以终止LOLbins,前提是识别出恶意行为,但是某些攻击会试图禁用EDR。 如果不启用检测功能,则往往也需要维护窗口来进行系统更改。 对LOLbin攻击的手动修复通常是必需的。 AppGuard能够在减少LOLbin风险的同时给予IT/安全运营灵活性。 它可以选择性地并且有条件地禁止操作系统实用工具,使得用户和IT/安全运营可以根据需要使用它们,同时阻止对手利用这些工具。 作为一种“中间”方案,AppGuard还可以对脚本引擎或其他操作系统实用工具实施遏制策略,从而限制它们的功能而不完全禁止。 如果IT/安全运营正在使用操作系统设置来限制某些操作,AppGuard还能对其应用隔离策略,防止对手篡改设置。