The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) hopes you—yes, you! —to comment on its newly released Cybersecurity Framework 2. 0 draft. As a "major update" to the framework, the draft expands the scope, adds the sixth function "governance," and simplifies implementation through revised guidelines. For example, the framework originally specifically targeted protecting organizations of the U. S. critical infrastructure, but now it is aimed at covering all types of organizations worldwide, regardless of size, type, and industry. At the same time, the added "governance" function is intended to address issues related to risk management strategies, organizational context, cybersecurity supply chain risk management, and policies, procedures, and practices. The other five functions include: identify, focusing on assessing an organization's network risks; protect, about taking measures to prevent and reduce network risks; detect, focusing on discovering and analyzing network attacks and leaks; respond, dedicated to taking action after a network event occurs; recover, focusing on the recovery of affected assets and operations. "The NIST Cybersecurity Framework (Framework or CSF) 2. 0 provides guidance to reduce cybersecurity risks, helping organizations understand and assess these risks, determine priorities, and communicate actions to reduce these risks," the draft document states. Would you like to share your feedback on this CSF 2. 0 draft with NIST? You can send an email to [email protected] until November 4, 2023. NIST particularly hopes to know whether the draft addresses current and anticipated cybersecurity challenges and whether it aligns with established practices and guidelines. NIST expects to release the CSF 2. 0 final version in early 2024, at which point it will officially replace the CSF 1. 1 released in 2018. For more details, see the CSF homepage, NIST announcement, a draft summary, and the complete 52-page draft document. On April 16, ten cybersecurity vendors set up booths at the RSA Conference 2018 Innovation Sandbox to showcase their cutting-edge technologies. These ten finalists, selected by the RSA Conference judges, covered a range of areas including deception, threat detection, network security, encryption, cloud security, and container security.