"We must clearly recognize the future we are pursuing, a future in which disruptive cyber intrusions are a shocking anomaly, organizations are secure and resilient, and technology products are inherently secure," the document states. The plan establishes three main goals: addressing direct threats, strengthening defenses, and large-scale promoting security. For all details, see the CISA announcement and complete plan document. There is an idea about an AI-based cybersecurity product? You can win millions of dollars in a new competition. At the same time, NIST has drafted major revisions to CSF 2. 0 and hopes to hear your opinion. Additionally, there is a new free tool that can mark security vulnerabilities in public AI models. Also, most cloud security vulnerabilities are caused by credential errors. There is more to come! Learn more about the six most important things to watch for this week until August 11. The White House and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) announced this week a two-year, $20 million competition aimed at promoting the development of AI-based cybersecurity products. The AI Network Challenge (AIxCC), announced at the Black Hat USA 2023 conference in Las Vegas, attracted computer scientists, AI experts, software developers, and cybersecurity masters. The AIxCC, which was announced at the Black Hat USA 2023 conference in Las Vegas, attracted computer scientists, AI experts, software developers, and cybersecurity masters. AI vendors Anthropic, Google, Microsoft, and OpenAI will support participants by providing their technology and expertise, while the Open Source Security Foundation (OpenSSF) will serve as an advisor. Small businesses can participate in the "funding track," which will provide funding for seven small businesses. All others can participate in the "open track. " After submitting proposals, up to 20 teams will be selected to participate in the semifinals in August 2024. The top five teams will receive prizes and enter the finals in August 2025 at DefCon. "If successful, AIxCC will not only produce the next generation of cybersecurity tools but also demonstrate how AI can be used to better protect critical infrastructure," said Perri Adams, AIxCC project manager at DARPA. For more details, please check the White House announcement, DARPA announcement, OpenSSF announcement, and the AIxCC website.